**Privacy Policy**

Matthew McKee built the Dog Detective app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Matthew McKee at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

**Information Collection and Use**

I do not knowingly collect any personal information of any users of Dog Detective. I do not have any servers set up to store personal information, nor have I implemented any data collection or logging in the app's code. However, some of the third party services I use may collect your data unbeknownst to me.

List of third party service providers used by the app and links to their privacy policys (where applicable)

*   [Expo](https://expo.io/privacy)
*   [Google Play Services](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)
*   React Native (does not have a privacy policy)

**Security**

I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

**Links to Other Sites**

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

**Children’s Privacy**

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13\. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2020-07-20

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at dogdetectiveapp@gmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/)
